# PowerShell 7 Resource Kit

Working thoughts on a PS7 Resource Kit series - a work in progress

## Overview

The PS7RK is a series of in-depth books about core technologies, and how to use PowerShell 7 to manage them. 
The ideas is to have 15 or more books that cover all the core Microsoft technologies and services, not dissimilar to the old Windows NT and WIndow Server resource kits of years gone by.

There would probably never bee an actual box set of books.
But such concept remains an interesting area for further discussion, especially for the electronic book market.

Each book is an in-depth discussion of a particular technology and related WIndows services and Powershell commands. 
A book examines a technology such as AD or DNS, in-depth.
The book also shows you how to manage it.
Thus, some books may be larger than others.
And in some cases, specifically Azure, we might need to have several books, rather than one huge one.

For readers taking professional exams, the books cover every aspect of relevant exams (and we'll publish a mapping of book chapters to exam syllabus objectives.
As each book is in-depth, the author would cover every cmdlet in the modules supported by the technology. 

The books would use a single network structure wich a common domain/forest name, consistent IP addreses and host names, services distributed to specific hosts.
The books are supplimented by a set of VM installation scripts to create Hyper-V VMs. 
A similar set of scripts for Azure based reesources would be a nice to have.

## Development Governance

We are to create an **Technical Content Board** to ensure the technical coverage and overall quality of the series.
A group of say 5-6 people would suffice.
To ensure quality and depth, it would be desirable to get one or more Microsoft MVP, MCT, or possibly RD individuals involved.
Microsoft Product team assistance for some technologies might be possible.

## Suggested Books

* Powershell  - see **PowerShell Introduction Thoughts**
* Active Directory
* Azure- see **Azure Book Thoughts**
* Clustering
* Containers
* DHCP - see **DHCP Book Thoughts**
* DNS - see **DNS Book Thoughts**
* Hardware - See **Hardware Book Thoughts**
* Introduction to PowerShell 7
* Hyper-V - See **Hyper-V Book Thoughts**
* Linux  
* Mac
* Microsoft 365
* .NET
* Networking
* Security
* SQL - See ***SQL Book Thoughts**
* Storage - See **Storage Book Thoughts**
* WMI - See **WMI Book Thoughts**
  
## Video Content

The Resource Kit should also have video content associated, offered either as a bundle or sepearatley on Packt's platform.
Each book should be accompainied by 6-12 hours of video content that walks the viewer through the content, in effect of the book.
The videos could either be done in parallel to the book creation by the book's author.
Or, you could have a seperate video production team to do some/most/all of the videos.
The book authors shoudl be aware of the videos and ensure their book helps the video team.

## Code Content

Each book has numerous code examples.
All code fragments included in each chapter are collected into a file.folder, and published to GitHub as open source.
Console output is generated by running poublished code samples.
This allows the reader to obtain the code samples easily and work with the code at home.

## Reference Architecture

The books are designed to work seamlessly together. 
That means using the same domain name, the same IP address schemes.
One book, say on clustering, can assume   that the AD is suitably setup per the reference architecture.
To ensure maximum value, there are three referennce architectures:

* *Simple*  - a single site organisation of 100 people in a single building.
* *Medium*  - a multi site, multi-domain international organisatoin of 1000 people.
* *Maximum*( ) - a global company wiih 100000 or more users in countries around the globs, with multiple forests and domains.

The reference architectures, IP ranges, names, etc, etc are defined on a GitHub site
That side is carefully curated.
Each book points to the refere4nce architecture and uses the machine names, user names, group names, etc.

NOte that while the text of the reference architectures discusses larger numbers of domains, forests, sites, the books onlky use the bare minimum.
To that end, you would have two forests, three domains, two core OUs, global, domainlocal, universal groups.
There would be build scripts to build out each book's necessary infrastructure., 